 To SpringSys, a constraint is the expression of a one sided objective.
 The value of constraints, also called "constraint levels", are listed
 beside the value of the associated variable with the LIST INDEPENDENT and
 LIST DEPENDENT commands.  Constraints are imposed or altered with the
 CHANGE command.  Constraints are eliminated with the FREE command.

 As an example, if we have an upper limit on the solid height that we wish
 to consider for a particular design, we might refer to that limit as
 L_SOLID MAX.  This is consistent with our naming of L_SOLID and other
 length dimensions of the spring.  The "MAX" part is a short way of
 indicating that this is the maximum value of solid height.

 In a similar way, if we have a lower limit on inside diameter in the
 spring's free condition that we wish to achieve for a particular design, we
 might name it ID_FREE MIN.  Again, the current value of ID_FREE MIN is said
 to be the "constraint level".

 In each case, the constraint is one sided.  L_SOLID MAX has no effect on
 the search process for any value of L_SOLID less than the value of
 L_SOLID MAX.  ID_FREE MIN has no effect for any value of ID_FREE that is
 greater than the current value of ID_FREE MIN.

 In the case that the user or the search selects a value of OD_FREE (as an
 example) that exceeds the value of OD_FREE MAX, that constraint is said to
 be "violated".  The amount by which OD_FREE exceeds the value of OD_FREE
 MAX is said to be the amount of "constraint violation".  Violated
 constraints appear highlighted (bold, blinking or a different color) when
 displayed by the LIST command.

 The search is programmed to seek combinations of independent variables that
 do not violate constraints.  Thus, if we enter into SpringSys constraint
 levels that represent our objectives for a given design, the search process
 will seek a design that meets those objectives.  If the search succeeds in
 finding such a design, i.e. one that does not violate any constraints,
 that design is described as "feasible".

 In order to save time, SpringSys will stop the search process if it gets
 very close to a feasible design but still violates one or more constraints
 by a fraction of a percent.  In this case, the design is referred to as
 "marginally feasible".

 The initial values for certain constraint levels are established in the
 "startup" file that is read by the START command.  These values may be
 changed with the CHANGE command.  If you are not happy with the initial
 values, go ahead and change them.  The changes may be made permanent by
 using the SAVE command to over-write the default startup files.  Additional
 information on how to make these changes is available in the documentation
 sections on the SAVE command and the STARTUP.DSN file.

 Each constraint has a corresponding constraint violation that represents
 the difference between the current value of the quantity being constrained
 and the constraint level.  The LIST VIOLATIONS command will display
 constraint violations in both relative and absolute terms.  The "PERCENT"
 column lists constraint violation as a percentage of the corresponding
 constraint level.  A negative value implies that the constraint is
 satisfied.  A positive value implies that the constraint is violated.  The
 "ABSOLUTE" column lists the absolute difference without sign.

 More specific information about the constraints of spring design is
 contained in the documentation section titled SPR_CONSTRAINTS.
